updated logins-windows with WSL (#1375)
rug-cit-hpc/league-of-robots: roles/online_docs/templates/mkdocs/docs/logins-windows.md

See [instructions how to generate keypair](../generate-key-pair-mobaxterm).

## 3. Using WSL

### 3.1 Install WSL

To install WSL follow the instructions provided by [Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install).

> Open your favorite Linux distribution and follow the login instruction for [Linux/Unix clients](../logins-linux-config/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any WSL Linux distribution can be used. Start it, and follow the login instruction for [Linux/Unix clients](../logins-linux-config/).
```
